Topic: A simple feedback form for Customer

In Brief:
A simple feedback form developed using nodejs and data is stored using CouchDB and access it.
We will collect name,phone number, email, rating from customers.
Customer will be able to see data that he/she has provided but not delete it
This form will be deployed using AWS and can be accessed by anyone with appropriate link.

Platform:
NODE.JS: Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform, back-end JavaScript runtime environment that runs on the V8 engine and 
executes JavaScript code outside a web browser, which was designed to build scalable network applications.
	Modules:
	1. Express:Express.js, or simply Express, is a back end web application framework for Node.js, released as free and open-source software under the MIT License.
	It is designed for building web applications and APIs. It has been called the de facto standard server framework for Node.js.
	2. HTML:The Built-in HTTP Module. Node.js has a built-in module called HTTP, which allows Node.js to transfer data over the Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP).
	Body Parser:Body-parser is the Node.js body parsing middleware. It is responsible for parsing the incoming request bodies in a middleware before you handle it.
	3.JSON:JSON or JavaScript Object Notation is a light weight, text-based data interchange format. Like XML, it is one of the way of exchanging information between applications. 
	This format of data is widely used by web applications/APIs to communicate with each other
	4.URL:The URL module splits up a web address into readable parts.
	5.Path:The Path module provides a way of working with directories and file paths.
	6.Method Override:Lets you use HTTP verbs such as PUT or DELETE in places where the client doesn't support it.
	7.Nano:Offical Apache CouchDB library for Node.js.

	Template:
	1. JADE:Jade is an templating engine, primarily used for server-side templating in NodeJS.

CouchDB:
Apache CouchDB is an open-source document-oriented NoSQL database, implemented in Erlang.
CouchDB uses multiple formats and protocols to store, transfer, and process its data.
It uses JSON to store data, JavaScript as its query language using MapReduce, and HTTP for an API.
I will be using docker container to install the database.

AWS:
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud is a part of Amazon.com's cloud-computing platform, Amazon Web Services, that allows users to rent virtual computers on which to run their own computer applications
This will be used to deploy our application on internet, so that other users can handle this.

Docker:
Docker is a set of platform as a service products that use OS-level virtualization to deliver software in packages called containers.
This willl provide container for Coudhdb for the installation.

Git:
Git is software for tracking changes in any set of files, usually used for coordinating work among programmers collaboratively developing source code during software development.
Its goals include speed, data integrity, and support for distributed, non-linear workflows.

GitHub:
GitHub, Inc. is a provider of Internet hosting for software development and version control using Git.

Steps to Perform:
1.initialize npm in directory to create package.json file to inlcude dependencies of application
2.Develop a code using node.js and its module. dont club everything into one file. create seperate files for html files by using jade template engine
3.upload everything to Git, so that we can use this application on AWS.
4.Deploy an EC2 Linux instance on AWS, Update all the packages and install docker and git packages if required.
5.Install the couchdb container on EC2 instance and git pull all the contents of developed code
6.deploy this app and share the link to customers to generate data
7.using couchdb API, access the data.
8.After completing all the project things,terminate the EC2 instance, so application wont be running anymore.

*I will be using free tier version of AWS.